Day When I truely Created this Website.
Date: 10/3/22
Blog: Morning 11:30, I was sitting on my Swing-Board when I came across this Idea of re-making my persnol Website.
It was a Lot of work today but I made this website any way. First of all I had to Completely start this Project from scratch,
so I Started by searching for some persnol websites. Then I came across *Youtuber*bugswriter's Website. Dunno if you follow him
but he is a great guy His channel is Linux Based(arch jokes). Then I copied his code (the base obviously and cmmon'
my website is totally diffrent). So proceeding further, I replaced the Bio-G with mine and then the other information and codes.

Same day I had a Tution class exam, Went great. But Yesterday's exam result came #ShittyFaceEmoji# I got 12.5/45 still I was ranked 3rd in class
I mean that is alot weird. Now late-afternoon 5:10 I arrived at home and after refreshing I told my mom about this and guess what she said ?
"Get is Signed by your Father." Now you know it and i Know it what is next... wish me luck.
So, this is the story of my day when I truely created this website. I dunno If any one would be intreasted in learning this information but still
it is there.





That Weird-Day, When I was high on coffee.
Date: 27/03/22
Blog: This is the my story Because of which I am against eating A whole spoon of coffee in one-go.

21/03/22, I was in the First sem. of IT-Diploma. Today(21/03/22), I had My first offline exam of Python.
I had not Studied, had a very long math exam a day before. Morning 5:45, I realise that I was going to get a very crowded bus to the college,
hence I coud'nt study while going to college. f*ck!!, right? all my mind was going through was exam....chapter2...4..."I don't know any theory"....
had to complete it ASAP. the panicLevel? **Extreme**, The last option remained? I had to do It. F*ck, right? and I did it. I have had known this since I was in 8th Grade,
the idea was to make coffee, and i made it, it was not enough; I still felt soo sleepy that I coud'nt read properly. I have been Heavily restricted to consume any mode of caffieene, coud'nt keep up with it! but I had to make it to exam with atleast 63% of knowledge, coud'nt let my gpa fall down, could I? I took the risk, it was acceptable by me for my exams, obviously it was.
Sooo, I ate the whole spoon of bare coffee, and boy I was Wake as an owl. I made me complete about 76% of my
course, one hour it took can you believe it??? is that the end of story, no it's not. I Got ready with 110% of My energy and went to the BRTS Stand. Feeling Wake as hell, energy level 8867%-andIncreasing

So-far, every thing is going better than well. Station no.27 arrives, sudden feeling of vibration and anexity comes through. Woahh!(a rather big one) f*ck, WTH is Happening, Now it is going extreme, no
it is far more than extreme. This is giving me panic attacks, I cannot Breathe properly - the involuntary function went manual, weird thing that the girl standing infront of me is trying to push into my legs
like am I trippin too much ??, god stop this. I stood up from my seat and tried to breath, I look back and some-one else already took it, Great! what else can be great??
Now it came down slowly rather in a high velocity. feeling a bit okay, I stood near the front-left-3rd window and in just 10min. a great amount of crowd is in the bus, more
than there should be, the panic attacks started again and now it is this strange deja-vu that the glass behind me falls off.

No tf. It coud'nt. Stop no.36 arrives, just 2 stops to my college, but this day is a Weird day hence, the glass behind me really fell off because of the crowd. Now I am worried, the panic attacks already stoppd
WTF is happening???? I got out of the bus and started walking towards my collage; about 1 km it was, with tierd legs I reach my college. The exam goes Great; thanks No thanks to caffiene. Well ok now I meet an
old friend and WTH is he doin' here?? I ask the same question and he is in The CS class in my college. On the way home IDK why but a lot of females Were staring right to me(including Karens) F*ck (repeting Dialog/*)
WTHC(why-in-the-holy-cunt) is this happening????bro I mean I just wanna Go home!!!. Arrived to the station near my home, Sign of relief time>5:35pm. The day is over. I am thinking about all the trippin things
that happened today. A Moral of the story: DOnt' Morphine or Caffiene or DONOTEATAWHOLESPOONOFCOFFEE. Cuse it Messes With The brain and I dont wanna loose the control. I am the root user and the kernal.


The Day I made My BASH-BITCH and PY-BITCH
Date: 08/08/22
Blog: BASH-BITCH, Seems kinda sus name But believe me, It's not. 
Originally I cameup with an idea to make a script like the godlike "ani-cli", but to stream movies instead of anime Because there isn't one {proper} Existing to my Knowledge.
First Thought? I am good with python, lets make a python script[base] then only to be executed by my Bash-Bitch[/PY-Bitch].
I started with finding a server of pirates to make the script scrap it and make it minimal. BTW there is nothing minimal in the code but the ui is minimal.
I found "vidsrc" site that I originall found from a banned(removed) app well known as the 'Cloudstream'. It uses the imdb ID to arrange and locate movies.
Logic found! use imdb search module to then extract url and replace it with the vidsrc url[keeping the ID]. Hence, url locates the video file ie.The movie/series.
Problem remains, I completed till the base but how do I play it. Turns out that the video url is an Embeded video URL, F#*k man I think I'm already done with project.
but why should I even bother to use a video player? I can just use a webbrowser :| Damn, I had my answer then what else, i Just added another module.
the other module is a bit more of problamatic to use. It's module: "webbrowser". The shittiest yet most helpfull to me. Now That is How, I have achived my first 
script. To use this script visit " https://github.com/isg32/vidsrc ".